Tools of Colors

Tools of Colors (ToC) is a content mod adding various weapons, tools, armors and other stuff to game.

(1.0)

This time full changelog is on mod homepage (link)

Most of weapons are rebalanced , some stuff removed including Gem Dominator. This update brings changes mostly to mod code so its nothing visual but will help me develop updates faster. I fixed all bugs I know. 
I also added new weapons and stuff as always!                                     

(0.9.2.1)

Fixed all bugs I know, rebalanced some stuff and added new weapons.
Next update (1.0) is going to revamp and rebalance lots of stuff so give me time :D
Since discord server was removed like month ago, the only way to msg me now is going to linked community forums. Write a comment under mod's homepage or dm me.


(0.9.2)



Damn that was emotional KEKW,

I wanted to make new mod adding tomes to game but nvm, I'll add all tomes here. Little rushed but everything works.
I also added LifeRifle, pretty normal but decent.

Maybe I'll continue to update the mod. Thanks for 3k downloads, You all are amazing^^.

Im about to do hotfix in next update (0.9.2.1) fixing all small bugs, respriting some stuff but im also about to remove Gem Dominator...Don't bite more than you
can chew. This boss isn't even original, has ugly sprite and is overall broken...whatever, its items will probably remain unchanged (excluding boss bag ofc) and 
ultima gun will probably get resprited. (Nothing confirmed) 



(0.9.1)

Ok so (statement):  


Sadly, this is the end. Lets put nail in the coffin.

Stuff in this update was about to be added in 1.0 but since its taking too long I decided to make v0.9.1

Thanks to everyone who tried this mod. No fans. No playerbase. 

Lets end this with this update, 2500+ downloads. More than I expected honestly.

I wanted to create small mod adding 4 swords to game.Ended up adding whole arsenal.
This is my first ever mod on Terraria, created because I was bored. First version with just 4 swords got more downloads
than I expected. After some time this mod became complete mess. Too many weapons. Each weapon got 4 different color variants.
After time, I tried to revive mod with v9.0 which revamped everything. Sadly it was too late. v0.9 brought many new weapons but also 
revamped many old weapons and armor. All weapons are unique now, in 1 color variant. Added new materials, bosses got completely revamped.
But as I said, it was too late.  v0.8 and 0.7 got most downloads which made many people quit. Thanks guys, it was great journey. Im about to 
make new mod, but this time I'll try to set more realistic expectations. This mod taught me a lot and motivated me to become programmer. 
I know what fails I made and I'll try not to make them in my new mod. Lets forget about this mod. This mod discord server was dead for very
long time. Finaly I decided to make annoucement and share invite link over my ig and many people joined which got me new hope for
mod success. Sadly, after longer time there was no any activity and so people started leaving, my "friend" being one of first people to leave.
I won't develop more updates for this mod. I always wanted to make 1.0 but I failed. Thanks everyone :)

As of 12/12/2020 mod got its final update and will no longer be updated.   <--- outdated
